as you can see I back in the store I
have a brand-new little baby over there
is a box 64 I did get some games nothing
special with that but I got all these
games you games too I got legend of
zelda winwaker obviously games birthdays
I got soul calibur to Kirby's a ride
pokemon colosseum at Luigi's Mansion for
nintendo I picked up Adventure Island
infiltrator obviously you gotta have
more to duck-hunt castlevania 1 and you
can't have castlevania 1 without having
yeah so maybe two i also got excitebike
code through RC pro-am double dragged
into ghosts and goblins and Ninja
Turtles
please foot buffer overflow and last but
not least i got a Nintendo a gamecube
and I got the hexagon 64 double-oh-seven
Star Wars Mission Impossible another
Star Wars topped your overdrive and
Kirby tilt and tumble actually like this
game so check this one out at your local
game store whoa your local me check it
out me check it out here here right here
so the news that I heard yesterday has
blown my mind because as you all know
game wizard I got the name based off of
the wizard the movie where the kid goes
to California and he competes in the
10th World Championships you know /
universal studios duh anyway Nintendo
has announced oh my god Nintendo has
announced that there will be a Nintendo
World Championships 2015 and local Best
Buy's will have the plug preliminary
competition I don't know why I can't
talk today preliminary competition and
the winners will end up getting to go
back to California I don't know if it'll
be universal studios like last time
probably but I go back to California and
I compete in Nintendo World
Championships 2015 yeah that news
excites me on so many different levels
I'm going to compete you know even Scott
Scott comment and he said that I should
uh I should film a wizard too you know
and it could star me on my journey to
California to compete in the 2015
Nintendo World Championships and we kind
of joked about that that was kind of
funny so in the comments below tell me
what you guys think about this coming
back with world championships the wizard
Fred Savage little kid yeah tell me what
you guys think if I should compete if I
should film it just let me know in the
comments below what do you even think
about there being a Nintendo World
Championships 2015 comment like and
subscribe and I will see you guys later
in the store
hey everybody it's thursday evening i'm
leaving the store i'm gonna go check out
josh's store see what's going on over
there and i'll update you guys on any
new information as i get it over there
I've see you guys there oh this is a
tough business that we are in the video
games are going down whoa what what all
of you did look at that brand new couch
e yet so just what is it with you in
buying couches for your store they
finally get rid of couches and there's
couches what the bleep America couch oh
it's got special lights and it's getting
all day look at that it's a vibrating
couch we got vibrators in here vibrating
cow cheese and they even heat they got a
button for heat oh just bought out
another game store grand theft auto 4
410 sale not a bad idea John says that i
did it i don't care can i'm buying out
the bottles and i'm making that money
whoo it's friday night i think still um
josh is here and yeah this will conclude
this week's a store episode I will see
you guys at the flea market tomorrow uh
yeah I'll see you next week in the store
Oh
Wow
so that will